Let's start with string. String is like an endless flow of data.
You can either read for a string or write to a string.
A string is connected to a data source or data destination.
String in File IO can be either byte base or character-based.
A program that need to read data from some source needs an input string or reader.
A program that need to write data to some destination needs a output string or writer,
which can be shown as the graph like here.
So we have the source and we read it using input string or reader by program.
The program can be right to the output string and writer to the destination.
For input string or for output string are common input and output string classes.
For reader and for a writer or common reader are writer classes.
We're going to take a more in next few videos.